###################################
June 24, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of June
24, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

In addition, you can sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_
to get an email message when we have updated the edX Course Staff Release
Notes.

***************************************
edX Studio
***************************************

* In Studio. XBlocks can now be added to courses as either advanced problems or advanced components. 

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************
   
* In some courses, an error prevented the full output that is available when a
  coding problem is graded from appearing. This error has been corrected.
  (LMS-2852)

* ? Adam: https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/pull/4170 background color fix for annotation tool used only at Harvard?

* In Discussions, you can now search for usernames to access the discussion profiles of other users. (FOR-627)

* The LMS is now available in Tamil and Amharic. 
  
? https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/pull/4106 Video: fix seek tracking log


**************************
edX Documentation
**************************


The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Added a :ref:`Preface` that identifies resources for course teams,
    developers, researchers, and students.

* `edX Data Documentation`_

  Recent changes include: 

  * Added a :ref:`Preface` that identifies resources for course teams,
    developers, researchers, and students.

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation`_

  Recent changes include: 

  * Added a :ref:`Preface` that identifies resources for course teams,
    developers, researchers, and students.
 
* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  


**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst